feat(timescaledb): create a TimescaleDB documentation (#1520)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/databases/postgresql/timescaledb/2000-01-01-intro.md

---
title: TimescaleDB
nav: Introduction
modified_at: 2022-01-21 00:00:00
tags: timescale databases postgresql extensions
index: 1
---

> TimescaleDB is a PostgreSQL extension for the support of the time-series data.
> This extension add several features and functions, you can find more information
> on their documentation: [https://docs.timescale.com/api/latest](https://docs.timescale.com/api/latest).

Reviewer: I find it ugly to have the URL displayed, I prefer a link with a meaningful text
```suggestion
TimescaleDB is a PostgreSQL extension for the support of time-series data.
This extension adds several features and functions. You can find more information
on the [official documentation](https://docs.timescale.com/api/latest).
```

There are multiple licences of TimescaleDB, __Community edition__ and
__Open-source edition__. The latter is the only one available on Scalingo, hence
TimescaleDB's functions labeled "community" on their documentation

> are not available on the platform.

Reviewer: Maybe this introduction page should talk about the two other pages created, and link to them?

> 
> Several important features for time-series databases not available on the
> Open-source edition. It is still possible without the functions to put them in
> place, we present some of them here.

Reviewer: I don't like this paragraph. I find it too deceptive. I don't see what it adds, I would remove it
```suggestion
```
